chore: update changelog for version 2.10.4 (#10142)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: CHANGELOG.md

Changelogs for versions not listed here can be found at https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-py/releases

---

## 2.10.4

### Bug Fixes

> - SSI: This fixes incorrect file permissions on lib-injection images for 2.10.x releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SSI: Fixes incorrect file permissions on lib-injection images.
```

> - profiling: show lock init location in Lock Name and hide profiler internal frames from Stack Frame in Timeline Details tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- profiling: Shows lock init location in Lock Name and hides profiler internal frames from Stack Frame in Timeline Details tab.
```
